code monitoring: checklist for trigger creation (#19680)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

> - The minimum supported version of Postgres has been bumped from `9.6` to `12`. The upgrade procedure is mostly automated for existing deployments, but may require action if using the single-container deployment or an external database. See the [upgrade documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/updates) for your deployment type for detailed instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bumped the minimum supported version of Postgres from `9.6` to `12`. The upgrade procedure is mostly automated for existing deployments, but may require action if using the single-container deployment or an external database. See the [upgrade documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/updates) for your deployment type for detailed instructions.
```

Reviewer: This is separate from code monitors but addresses active/passive voice in the changelog.

- Changesets in batch changes will now be marked as archived instead of being detached when a new batch spec that doesn't include the changesets is applied. Once they're archived users can manually detach them in the UI. [#19527](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/19527)
- Changes to code monitor trigger search queries [#19680](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/19680)

>   - A `repo:` filter is now required. This is due to an existing limitations where only 50 repositories can be searched at a time, so using a `repo:` filter is now required to make sure the right code is being searched. Any existing code monitor without `repo:` in the trigger query will continue to work (with the limitation that not all repositories will be searched) but will require a `repo:` filter to be added when making any changes to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A `repo:` filter is now required. This is due to an existing limitations where only 50 repositories can be searched at a time, so using a `repo:` filter makes sure the right code is being searched. Any existing code monitor without `repo:` in the trigger query will continue to work (with the limitation that not all repositories will be searched) but will require a `repo:` filter to be added when making any changes to it.
```

  - A `patternType` filter is no longer required. `patternType:literal` will be added to a code monitor query if not specified.

>   - A new checklist UI has been added to help understand the requirements for a code monitor trigger query.

Author: @quinnkeast  can you verify copy here?

>   - A new checklist UI has been added to help understand the requirements for a code monitor trigger query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added a new checklist UI to make it more intuitive to create code monitor trigger queries.
```

Switching it to active voice.
